today we try the world's most expensive
desserts
let's talk about that good mythical
morning it's Valentine's Day which means
you might be getting something sweet and
sticky after dinner dessert I like to
save room for dessert but today we've
had to save up more than just rooms have
to allocate bank to make this episode
happen because the mythical kitchen has
been recreating some of the world's most
expensive desserts and now we get to
taste them and I'm starting to feel
sweet and sticky and it's time for high
baller meals for low dollar steals
dessert edition you know how those fancy
restaurants do they love to mark up
their menu item prices just to prove
their fanciness we wanted to find out
how do the price tags on their crazy
expensive desserts compared to what they
actually cost to make
yeah the mythical kitchen ears have
recreated some actual mega expensive
desserts using the exact same
ingredients as they do at those
restaurants but there's no markups that
they are passing along to us we're gonna
taste them and guess how much we think
it actually costs to make them whoever
wins the most rounds gets to eat the
other person's favorite dessert
right in front of them and good mythical
morning okay Stevie I see we got
something here
what's our first dessert this is the
golden phoenix cupcake sold at
Bloomsbury cupcakes in Dubai it's made
with premium Amadei porcelana chocolate
Ugandan vanilla beans edible gold carrot
sheets gold frosting gold dust and
served with organic chocolate-covered
strawberries this cupcake sells for
$1,000 here's a video that being
prepared $1,000
this okay yeah you got all just gold
foil junk
Elwin Powell dust of course there's gold
dust what's that a butterfly I mean is
that a chicken foot yeah I can't tell
what's going on is this supposed to look
like a chicken's foot and is that what a
Phoenix is it looks like a little baby
chicken going like this yeah I can't eat
I can't even see that I can't yeah and I
can't even tell where the where the
cupcake is do $4,000 do you also get
that like Kate platter I don't know but
let's see what it looks like from the
mythical kitchen dang that looks pretty
good
yeah I mean I could this looks better
than me I'm just being honest
well that's this thing is that edible is
that edible Nicole oh man is right yeah
okay okay so we get to dig into this
thing well I was just gonna just take
this spoon that's got chocolate in it
what Wow
what if I wanted some of that all right
now it was closer to me you met you
might have skipped on the on the gold
dust a little bit because there's not a
part of there's it didn't have gold dust
okay so well gold darn good well gold
dust doesn't taste period I'll tell you
what does taste good chocolate that
cupcake did I just bit some moist ooh
and so moist and and what is this again
this is like a whipped cream mmm
and here's a wing is it whipped cream
maybe like a rare gooses milk or
something how hard was it to get these
ingredients
okay so there's still some expense but
if I find out you're anywhere close to
$1,000 I'm gonna be upset we're gonna
have a talk okay so as not to give the
other person advantage we're going to
guess how much the mythical kitchen
actually paid for this extremely tasty
that is really really not all together
that much more special than an extremely
tasting normal cupcake yeah it's good
I'm gonna pace myself let's I have a
guess
all right you go first bet I said 70
$1.43 okay you trying you getting really
exact yeah I'm very confident
I said 41 bucks somewhere around in it
this is freaking expensive if I walk
into a store and they're like am i how
much that cupcake 41 bucks I'm just
walking out with no cupcake right like I
have a feeling you're just not gonna be
that happier than this because the
mythical kitchen ears spent $200 on this
but that is a savings of $800 how do we
save $800 I'm not fine there's from
Dubai yeah that's how money works link
this cheesecake is sold at Rafaela
restaurant in Manhattan
it's made with imported Italian water
buffalo cheese fresh vanilla white
truffles from Alba a little 200 year old
Hennessy parodies and topped with gold
flakes it's all finished off with a
signature honeycomb in the shape of Chef
Rafaela Rome cos initials and of course
sparklers it sells for $5,000 $1,000
cheesecake that's it it's because of the
sparklers isn't it yeah those are
they're the kind they're trick ones and
you got that chef putting his own
initials on it
that's just what are his initials it
looks like RR to me correct
but like RR and one of the ours is
backwards that's how he spells it let's
see the mythical kitchen version oh look
what we've got we've got sparklers
there's only one way to solve this
problem to call the item all right is
our are your initials whoo no $5,000
yeah that's yeah yeah this is a fire
hazard
yeah no how do I do this just take it
and I'll wait for you to take it cause I
know how this works there's a whole
honeycomb on top and I didn't even hear
about that in the explanation gosh I
said his name that was difficult for me
I said honeycomb huh you're doing great
what is it brother
what do you say what did the Jenners say
- can
you're doing great baby what does it
mean you're doing wonderful sweetie
that's what I'm gonna say do great baby
whistle baby
- you want honeycomb honey
I was kind of hoping we'd still be
eating while it was flashing because
that kind of made it seem this is a
valuable big-ass cheese cake look at
that thing like I mean it better be so
mad I'm like I mean I feel like we
should what happened to the rest of that
cupcake we didn't eat right eBay is this
what it's like to live with you and when
your family gets expensive things it
doesn't sit well with me but I like
honeycomb rotate it a little bit so I
don't hit the microphone there we go all
right so we're gonna take these out just
kind of work it out I mean we could have
just oh gosh when you're cutting into a
$5,000 cheese gate you kind of want to
do a better job than I have yeah I'm a
bit nervous now again there's you thanks
I had it perfect man okay I like a good
cheese cake so what flavor is it again
besides honeycomb I think it's got some
truffles from Alba hmm hey or dink sink
I'm hungry
those are white truffles are coming real
hard it makes it real savory this is for
Rhett right right
but this honeycomb I stroked mm-hmm go
go doesn't taste you just buying
something just to spend more money I got
a little golden my mother's I think I'm
gonna leave it it's all marketing just
so going they sell a $5,000 cheesecake
and then people can say they bought it
don't ruin the illusion link you got
honeycomb that 41 dollar cupcake from
the last round actually costs over $200
oh now he's doing math there's no way
you spent as much as I was about to
write okay really
all right okay all right have you
written are you cheating are you looking
at money answer I'm looking at the
freaking cake man your answer is not
gonna be helpful
all right you ready yeah 302 dollars oh
okay I said 261 okay I beat you out on
this one the mythical kitchen airs spent
497 thanks so much which is the savings
kind of four thousand five hundred and
three dollars
we didn't you need to rephrase yourself
it's not I'm glad I'm glad you're
outraged yeah because at first I was in
the high 300s in my mind and I was like
not hey Jacob wouldn't let him do that
[Laughter]
this Valentine's Day we're celebrating
puppy love with discounts on our story
we're and pet collection items including
this snazzy shirt up to 20% off
sometimes more check it out
mythical calm okay Stevie what do we
have before us this fancy cronut is
known as the luxury zebra crow and has
sold at dum-dum donut Surrey in London
it's made with crystal rose champagne
caviar French delicacy Normandy butter
Iranian saffron-infused butter croissant
dough Tahitian gold vanilla beans
powdered Nutella Amadei porcelana
chocolate sounds like you're guessing
now gold leaf decor this cronut goes for
1,500 pounds or 1962 dollars $2,000
cronut no we're not gonna make the
obvious joke yeah you gotta be a dumb
dumb book by this so don't I know you're
tempted to just don't do it
dumb gonna know what go ahead and do it
he's got to be a dumb dumb to buy this
it's also the name of the restaurant
caviar on top of a cronut I mean why
would you pay anything for that much
less $2,000 this isn't about the just
the experience of this cronut this is
about the way it makes you feel you know
it's like makes me feel stupid makes me
feel I mean dumb dumb
yeah we just grabbed this
you mentioned that Amadeus Mozart
chocolately I did the same chocolate
correct now it looks good but I just I'm
gonna man I've ruined it I've ruined it
fish egg huh yeah it's except oh it's
not yeah it's not real fish it's not
caviar oh I take it all back and then I
realized it so you'll see champagne
caviar from that rap song this is what
they're talking about
I'm just gonna eat one of these no
that's what Robin just what robin Leach
used to say on lifestyles of the rich
and famous
jerk off to gram so it's still stupid
but at least there's not fish eggs on it
mmm good got that saffron whoa this is
the best one yeah it's nice they haven't
never tainted it like I mean the
cheesecake when you put those truffles
in it it just kind of tasted nice bad
move um-hmm coming down from mm hmm
hopefully a lot just the way you fix
your hair now is just he's just jolting
it's just a bit much you wish gold
dusted mein all right I'm guessing
$1,900 all right I got my guess okay
I think he went out on the cheap in
quotes 249 18 I said 367 dollars and 89
cents okay
we spent 785 hey guys come on we spent
wheeze okay and finish your line sweetie
for a savings of four a kind of savings
of one thousand one hundred and seventy
seven dollars
mm-hmm yeah right mm-hmm yes I did good
you know what I did get the points I'm
not that upset about a hey let's see how
we wasted more money this is the three
twins ice cream sundae from survivor
alumni Neal Gottlieb's three twins ice
cream based in San Francisco it's made
with three twins organic ice cream
topped with syrup made from rare dessert
wines including a port a Chateau de Kim
and a German dessert wine and an organic
banana it comes accompanied by a
performance from a cellist okay this ice
cream sundae goes for a cool
3,300 $33.33
because there's three twins notice
because of the organic banana yeah
that's where all the cost is coming from
man triplets 3300 of you do you know
this this person no okay let's see it
there it is it's in a tub three thousand
three hundred and thirty three dollars
and 33 cents this is insane yeah there's
three kinds of one but we do have a
cellist so yeah we do okay wait we also
paid for a cellist okay
[Music]
nice fancy
[Applause]
I taste the pork I taste the sea and
it's ice can she be here all the time
[Music]
this is good how's that organic banana I
don't really like bananas I didn't eat
that but you know what okay since we
bought it probably need eat oh that
tastes like a pricey banana okay thank
you thank you so much for that that was
amazing well Wow yeah yeah can we have a
recording of that yeah to like just play
in our office probably already exists we
probably get cello music she's right
there she just did it live and you're
saying it could be a recording it's so
much better in person I really
appreciate you saying I don't want to
pay for her to hang out in our office
when I could just play a recording we'll
discuss this later
I'm trying to save a few bucks here
[Laughter]
three thousand dollars three types of
rare wines the rear ones are gonna get
us organic banana and organic banana
organic ice cream I believe in you guys
I believe that you didn't break us I've
lost all faith in your ability to budget
for the show so I've thrown caution to
the wind okay go ahead let me see your
caution nine hundred fifty seven dollars
and seventy five cents
that's ridiculous not to send him a
message to anyone who's buzzing him but
six hundred and sixty six dollars and
sixty six cents is my guess okay we
spent $1,000 $1,000 nineteen why can I
read money anymore we need $1,000 it's
hard to read isn't it
it's hard to hear mm and why can't I
read money anymore worth it's worth
pointing out that the actual Sunday
a third of that money does go to charity
so that's pretty close to a thousand so
I win gosh congratulations but I think
we're all kind of losers I asked him to
add up how much we actually spent and
the number is two thousand five hundred
and one dollars and twelve cents but
that's kind of a savings of eight
thousand seven hundred and ninety four
dollars and 21 cents
thanks for putting that in perspective
and thank you for subscribing and
clicking that bell you know what time it
is to watch us guess real or fake Ben
and Jerry's flavors in good mythical
more Hanna fight over the Willem at the
calories gonna land this Valentine's Day
we're celebrating puppy love with
discounts on our story we're and pet
collection items for a limited time in
mythical calm